how to build amazing marketing team you
don't have to be a great marketer to get
thousands of conversions on your website
all you have to do is build a great team
there's something i've been doing for
years that's let me build an amazing
team see i'm not the best marketer in
the world i can always learn more i can
always improve i always can be better
which is why i continually try to hire
people that can teach me new things but
the way i've gone to where i am today is
that i surround myself with amazing
people and amazing team that can always
teach me how to do my job better
here's how i recruit great marketers
so first off i make a list of all my
competitors and if you don't know your
competitors type in your url into
ubersuggest it'll tell you who your
competitors are
now what i like doing is i take those
competitors and i look them up on
linkedin and ideally these competitors
need to be bigger than you
i look to see who's working at these
companies and then i see what employees
are in marketing so if i need a content
marketer i look to see which content
marketers work for some of those
companies
when i find them i look to see if those
content marketers have been with that
company for a long time if they haven't
they're not going to be loyal they're
not going to stick with you long
if they've been there for a long time i
look to see if they continually got
promotions see when you interview people
everyone says that they drove amazing
results for the company they work for
everyone says that they're the person
that's responsible made it happen but
how do you know if that's true you can't
just call up the owner of your
competitor and be like hey did this
person actually get you the result
what you can do though is you can see if
they've been promoted if they've been
promoted multiple times the chances are
that company found them valuable and
they did a good job hence they've been
promoted multiple times
and then if you look at their linkedin
profile and go back to the previous
company that they worked at do they also
get promoted multiple times because if
they have again that other company has
found them valuable so if they've worked
for your competitor or multiple
competitors and they've done a good job
and if they got promoted multiple times
that means you know there's a higher
likelihood that they're going to do well
for you and if they do that for multiple
companies well there's a good chance
third time's a charm and you'll be
successful with them now you need to
make sure they're a cultural fit because
if they're not a cultural fit it's not
going to work out no matter how good
they are but if you do that and you
reach out to them you have a great
chance of building your team now when
you reach out to them and you just say
hey i want to hire you they're probably
going to ignore you but on the flip side
if you reach out to him and you say hey
john or hey sally i'm actually looking
for someone who has your skill sets do
you know anyone that's similar to you
that i should interview for my job
opening and a lot of times john or sally
will say hey i'm actually interested
that's how we get a high response rate
and then from there it's about you
getting on the phone making sure that
they can do the job don't just rely on
their linkedin profile make sure that
you think that they can do a job by
really interviewing them and asking them
very specific questions such as hey if
you look at our website what do you see
wrong how would you fix our content or
how would you fix our seo what's one
thing that you differently what kind of
team do you think we need to succeed why
do you think our marketing isn't as good
as a competition so by getting very
specific you're gonna figure out all
right can this person actually get
things done and also letting them know
that hey you're not just looking for
coaches you're looking for players in
other words people who can execute and
get the job done and aren't necessarily
reliant on a ton of people
and if that scares them away then you
know that they're not going to be the
ones who want to execute and they're
probably not a right fit
but once you start going through this
process you'll figure out all right are
they right fit and then from there you
got to convince them to join your
company maybe why your culture is
amazing why your team's amazing why
they're going to have fun what you're
doing differently than the competition
these are all ways you can convince
people maybe even give them equity or
pay them more these are all strategies
that work
now if you need help with your marketing
you can't find great people or you just
need to get some external help to level
up your team check out my ad agency np
digital if you have any questions leave
a comment below if you enjoy the video
like it share it tell the people about
it thank you for watching